Content review branch (#2)
microbit-carlos/microbit-bird-activity: docs/activityadvanced.md

`current_state()` function:

```python
def current_state():
    # Check for motion
    if __mb.accelerometer.was_gesture('shake'):
        return 'angry'

    __mb.sleep(10)   # Ensure run_every/gestures have a chance to run
    return "chill"
```

<p class="exercise">
Exercise: <br>
Birds can be noisy, but they don't like loud sounds themselves!
The micro:bit has a microphone, and we can use it to detect loud noises,
so let's create a new state: "startled".
<br>
Let's add another if statement inside the
<code class="language-plaintext highlighter-rouge">current_state()</code>
function inside the
<code class="language-plaintext highlighter-rouge">bird.py</code>  file.
So, if there was a "loud" event, the function can return the `startled` state.
<br>
You can find more info about the microphone in the <a href="https://microbit-micropython.readthedocs.io/en/v2-docs/microphone.html" target="_blank">Microphone documentation</a>.
</p>

[Solution](https://github.com/microbit-carlos/microbit-bird-activity/tree/main/solutions/4-bird-startled.md)

Now make a noise, like a clap, near the microphone and watch your bird get
startled!

> Hint: If the conference area is too loud, you can blow on the microphone.

Reviewer: Can't they also set the threshold for loud?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's also a good tip! Added in 21ad6bda79cb278392ffcc3482dd4da27274a3cb

## Sending a Hello radio message

Our birds are reacting to events in their environment like another bird 
saying `hello`, or seeing a `cat`.

How does this work?

> The micro:bit ration is uses to broadcast and receive these messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The micro:bit radio is used to broadcast and receive these messages.
```

Reviewer 2: Added in 21ad6bda79cb278392ffcc3482dd4da27274a3cb

that says "hello" to all the birds nearby. This will be very similar to the
<code class="language-plaintext highlighter-rouge">warn_about_cat()</code>
function.
<br><br>
Now, in the 
<code class="language-plaintext highlighter-rouge">while True:</code>
loop, let's call the new bird function when
<code class="language-plaintext highlighter-rouge">button_a</code>
is pressed, and you will be able to see the other birds react to your
"Hello" message each time the button A is pressed.
</p>

Hint: You might need to add a small delay after saying hello, or you can end
up sending a lot of hello messages around on a single button press.

[Solution](https://github.com/microbit-carlos/microbit-bird-activity/tree/main/solutions/5-bird-hello-everyone.md)

## Say hello to a specific neighbour

The format of these radio messages is very simple: `event->target`
- `event` is the name of the event
- `target` is the "friendly name" of the micro:bit (unique to each board),
  or "all" to send to everyone

So you can send a "hello" message to a specific bird, but how do you find out
the "friendly name" of a micro:bit? 

<p class="exercise">
Exercise: <br>

> The friendly name can be obtained using the `bird.friendly_name()` function.

Reviewer: This is a lovely touch. Nice!

Reviewer 2: @microbit-matt-hillsdon converted the C CODAL code into MicroPython for a support request, I just copied the code 😁
